# REGUALTE ME # 

The Pathetic story of why Big Tech really wants privacy regulation.  
TLDR:
One Law,
Watered Down
With Liberty and Justice for Big Tech’s deep pockets

The best way to find out who has the most to lose via legislation, is to see who is paying the most for political lobbying in DC. 
In fact, the Big-Tech funded, Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, issued a report finding that disperate state-level 
privacy laws will cost the Big-Tech cohort at least $1 Trillion dollars per year in the near future. 

Their quest for Federal Privacy legislation is not because they have “found the user.” don’t believe the hype.  
Its always about the wallet.  Old fashioned ones that hold cold hard cash or even hot crypto. 

Now Big Pharma is still the big spender in the Capitol Ballroom but Big Tech is quick on its heals and spending more than it ever has before?  
Why so much, and why now?   To protect its users from themselves and their data-stealing business models?  Not exactly.

No, Big Tech, like Big Pharma, is lobbying to make future legislation easy on its Servers and pockets.  Not to mention, easy on its current methods and generally non-significant change.  In other words, they are paying to make sure you are NOT protected by them, as we should be.

Here is what Big Tech wants out of Federal Privacy Legislation in the USA:

One Law
  --> Which will overrun the niche and more protective legislation already in place at state and localities in the USA and globally
  --> Which will contain development costs with clear code to build toward (the USA standard will become global default - see next point)
  --> A push to make the law where the company is domiciled, their global judicial basis (again allowing the US based Tech giants the ability to lobby and manipulate the contents of rules overtime)

Water it down:  Once Big Tech has proposed what they want to the Federal government, and other groups as well as Congress has helped to shape a bill.  The aforementioned lobbying power of the Big Tech team will attach and dilute as much as they can afford and cajole ( which is sadly a lot)

Work around it:  And once that de-fanged corporate approved big-tech underwritten legislation makes its way to law.  The work around begin.  Well they were likely premeditated but no one will be able to prove that over time.  
Dont be fooled.  They don't want the best for you.  They want what is expeditious for their outcomes.

Research is here:  https://www.opensecrets.org/news/2021/10/big-tech-facing-congressional-scrutiny-flex-lobbying-power/
Statista is here: https://www.statista.com/chart/26673/highest-lobbying-spending-in-the-tech-industry-in-the-us/
Report from ITIF is here: https://itif.org/publications/2022/01/24/looming-cost-patchwork-state-privacy-laws
